VeChain General Grant Application Template
Project Overview

    Project: Madini Africa - Madini TraceChain
    Team Name: Bluegate Business Solutions LTD
    Payment Address: USDT (ERC 20) 0xa5E4Ff8E11B20310811aA91edDBea93182D21eD4 

    ⚠️ The combination of your GitHub account submitting the application and the payment address above will be your unique identifier during the program. Please keep them safe.

Overview

Please provide the following:

    A brief description of the project.
    
Madini Africa - Madini TraceChain
East Africa BlockChain Supply Chain Traceability
============================================================

One-stop app that connects producers with consumers and captures all value chain data from end to end. Empowering producers and building D2C models with blockchain.
Connect producers with consumers and capture all value chain data E2E
Enable African Enterprises to introduce and complete Proof of Concepts on Blockchain Efficiently.
Madini TraceChain is a platform that engages producers with consumers and enables them to gather and share data with the public via a QR code. All the information is encrypted and secured on VeChain blockchain, and is unforgeable and available worldwide.

Bluegate Business Solutions LTD (Kenya) 2001 – www.bluegatebs.com
Madini TraceChain www.madinitracechain.com
Madini RockChain www.madiniafricainvest.com

    An indication of why your team is interested in creating this project within the VeChain Ecosystem.
    
At Madini, we believe VeChain Thor Blockchain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how businesses and economies work, even how societies are organised. Blockchain goes to the core of the role of trust in African Products – an area that is central to Madini purpose. This shapes the way we think through the challenges Africa faces – bringing together business acumen, user experience design, and existing and emerging technology. 
We deliver blockchain solutions that reflect African specific business needs, and provide trust, transparency, and security. Together, we can differentiate your business and help you set the stage for future growth.
Fast and safe trade
As a pioneer in transparent trade value chains, Madini TraceChain aims to empower African producers by establishing a direct market linkage facilitation to incentivize regeneration, from soil to economy to society at large with a powerful transparency application.
Powered by Bluegate, the TraceChain application collects and uploads authentic product information onto the VeChainThor Blockchain, This enables a traceable, visible, and transparent digital marketplace for the African market, which allows for producers, processors, packers, distributors, brands and other added-value stakeholders to publicly list Organization and Product profiles to access global markets.

A force for the good
Many projects leverage blockchain to increase supply chain transparency and detect operational inefficiencies as well as new business opportunities. However, few of them are as impact driven as TraceChain. In addition to private corporations, Bluegate works with governmental organisations and NGOs to have a positive social impact and empower underserved producers. 
At Bluegate, we believe VeChain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how African Markets work, and provide trust, transparency, and security to the supply chain. This includes artisans and small-scale farmers being part of our inclusive value chain that underpin human health, well being, livelihoods, jobs and sustainable growth.

Madini TraceChain system is about sustainability, quality, authenticity, fairness, ecological footprint,origin and provenance, safety and traceability. Then the company must gather evidence from their supply chain of the performance for the characteristics chosen, proof of actions by people and machines, documents such as certificates, licenses or chemical analysis and collecting or importing data from production systems (ERPs). 

Madini TraceChain, a blockchain-enabled trade solution can help African companies exploit value via data generated by their own business. The immutable data on the blockchain enables companies to increase the efficiency of compliance review, government supervision, logistics and supplier evaluation and more. Companies will also gain access to world leading third-party services through Bluegate partner network, greatly reducing the cost of certification, audit, insurance or supply chain logistic services.

Bluegate now has specialization in products traceability based on accumulated know-how and refined technology. Joining hands with other strategic partners on this platform, Madini TraceChain aims to expand the business globally to address business needs of more enterprises in the African industry.

    
    If relevant, an indication of how you will integrate tools and features (e.g., Sync2/Connex, fee delegation protocols, MTT, etc) to enhance your project.

TraceChain interfaces with both block-chain and a server with a database.Madini TraceChain relies on the Vechain blockchain a distributed block-chain service.Verified data is broadcasted to the blockchain and stored as hex data. Madini TraceChain relies on the Vechain blockchain a distributed block-chain service.Verified data is broadcasted to the blockchain and stored as hex data also stores the raw data to the SQLite 

	Madini TraceChain - Technical Details:
	======================================
	
	•Python 3.8 (Flask)
	•Javascript / Jquery
	•VPS / Server.
	•Connex / Thorclient / Thordevkit
	•Sqlite Database.
	•VET Wallet address with VTHO.
	•VIP 191

	TraceChain consists of Web App, API’s .The Web application is made using JQUERY,JAVASCRIPT and python 3.8 flask which integrates VIP 191 which help send data to the Vechain blockchain as well as saving data to the database.
	
	Madini Minerals Marketplace: 
	======================================
	
	•Python 3.8 (Flask)
	•Javascript / Jquery
	•VPS / Server.
	•Connex / Thorclient / Thordevkit
	•Php 
	•Javascript / Jquery
	•Apache server
	•TraceChain 
	•MDN dapps conn integration
	
	In progress (Minerals Marketplace based on Madini TraceChain and VeChain Thor) Marketplace for purchasing/selling tracked/verified metals/minerals and related services from Africa. 


	Madini Wallet - Technical Details 
	======================================
	
	•Programming language used: Android JAVA
	•Contract used:https://explore.vechain.org/accounts/0x1b44a9718e12031530604137f854160759677192
	public static Token getMDNToken(){
	    Token vthoToken = new Token();
	    vthoToken.setAddress("0x1b44a9718e12031530604137f854160759677192");
	    vthoToken.setDecimals(DECIMALS);
	    vthoToken.setName(MDN);
	    vthoToken.setSymbol(MDN);
	    vthoToken.setTransferGas(21000);
	    return mdnToken;
	}
	•Nomics API
	Nomics API is integrated to the app for providing real time API for VET and VTHO prices.
	Link:https://nomics.com/assets/vtho-vethor-token/widget


	Madini Token (MDN)
	======================================
	
	Contract on Vechain:https://explore.vechain.org/accounts/0x1b44a9718e12031530604137f854160759677192
	MDN VIP180 is the Madini utility token in our ecosystem
	Madini (MDN) is one of the first platforms built exclusively to cater to the needs of Africa enterprise-level clientele on BlockChain. We seek to improve supply chain in Africa and product lifecycle management through the use of distributed ledger technology (DLT). Importantly, the platform offers users a variety of new functionalities that make it ideal for businesses seeking to enhance supply chain protocols and business processes.
	The VIP-181 Standard outlines a set of common methods that all NFT tokens can follow on the VeChainThor Network to transfer tokens, as well as allow tokens to be approved so they can be spent by another on-chain thrid party safely.


Other tools:

How Madini TraceChain Works.
============================================================
With Madini TraceChain you can easily upload your product descriptions, attributes, photos, 
certificates, documents and videos to the VeChainThor blockchain. When the upload is completed, the 
system will generate an unique QR code assigned to your product. You will also be able to see the 
transaction (TX) ids that your business has generated, giving you a full overview of the number of TXs 
that your products have produced accross the product’s journey.
The hash generated by the Vechain Thor blockchain is used as unique reference number for the product or mineral. This is a very imortant step as the consumer can always verify the authenticity of the product or mineral as the hash linked to it cannot be changed.

Screenshots showing how Madini TraceChain Works (PDF and all information available at https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/Madini-TraceChain

1. Product Identification such as product name,description and other attributes.
2. Product Details submitted to the blockchain.
3. QR Code generated as a result of the data submitted to the blockchain.
4. More Information that adds more traceability information to Tracechain that include PDF files such as certificates,images and Map.

TXS generated by the Traceability Process showing the product is in the blockchain and is verified.
Steps to Upload and view traceability information.
•Fill in the required data fields in the form as shown in the screenshots.
•Press on the create button to upload and hash the data to the blockchain.
•Click on the enter action button to view the details of the whole process and to have a view of the QR code generated,for the QR There’s no need of a special APP or device to read your QR codes and verify your products. Any QR reader installed on your phone will detect and show the traceability information
TRACECHAIN
How it works
With Madini TraceChain you can easily upload your product descriptions, attributes, photos, certifi-cates, documents and videos to the VeChainThor blockchain.
When the upload is completed, the system will generate an unique QR code assigned to your prod-uct. You will also be able to see the transaction (TX) ids that your business has generated, giving you a full overview of the number of TXs that your products have produced accross the product’s journey.
OPEN There’s no need of a special APP or device to read your QR codes and verify your products. Any QR reader installed on your phone will detect and show the traceability information 
PROFITABLE  Traceability has become an essential task for producers and exporters, Supplying adequate quality and safety assurance open new markets and adds vaue to your products. 
AVAILABLE  the entire story of your product including proof of authenticity and origin, all in a consumer friendly interface worldwide 
STABLE AFFORDABLE  VeChainThor provides security, scalability and, more importantly, affordability. Madini dApps run-ning on VeChainThor are guaranteed stable and predictable fees. 
IE: Our Madini TraceChain system total costs go to 0.40 USD per product, a basic transaction cost that is aligned with African economies.

Transparency across the entire process  -   The Secret of Success
Bluegate TraceChain system is about sustainability, quality, authenticity, fairness, ecological foot-print, origin and provenance, safety and traceability. Then the company must gather evidence from their supply chain of the performance for the characteristics chosen, such as proof of actions by peo-ple and machines, documents such as certificates, licenses or chemical analysis and collecting or im-porting data from production systems (ERPs). 
TRUST  Enhance Sustainability, Traceability, Trust, Brand Image and Consumer Confidence on African Products.
PROOF OF CONCEPT  Enable African Enterprises to Introduce and Complete Blockchain Proof-of-concepts Efficiently.
SUPPLY CHAIN  Facilitate Large-scale Blockchainization of Supply Chain in Africa In a Fast And Cost-effective Way.
VECHAIN  Unleash New Business Value By Data On Blockchain Platform

https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/Madini-TraceChain
www.madinitracechain.com


Madini MDN Token
============================================================
MDN VIP180 is the Madini utility token in our ecosystem
Madini (MDN) is one of the first platforms built exclusively to cater to the needs of Africa enter-prise-level clientele on BlockChain. We seek to improve supply chain in Africa and product lifecycle management through the use of distributed ledger technology (DLT). Importantly, the platform of-fers users a variety of new functionalities that make it ideal for businesses seeking to enhance supply chain protocols and business processes.
VeChain provides Madini Ecosystem the ability to track an enormous amount of data. These indica-tors can include items such as quality, authenticity, traceability, and transportation status. Madini, using VeChain, provides African Mineral enterprises all of these features via a trust-free and distrib-uted business ecosystem. In this way, we reduce overhead and improves accountability.

MDN smart contract is build as VIP180 VeChain token. With full usability in Madini Ecosystem, anyone can earn, trade, transfer, pay, receive and invest in Madini MDN. MDN utility token main purpose is paying the services of traceability and is used for the purchases/selling of the minerals/metals.As every stakeholder of the marketplace will have a VeChain wallet, MDN will be used as Trading fee and also as payment option for the minerals.We have created a VeChain Thor – Madini Wallet (Android) to facilitate the Token management and allow the general public to invest, transfer and trade the MDN/VET/VTHO tokens.

MDN – Main token MDN – Main value: adoption and utility (MDN is linked to all the Madini products, main CC for the Madini Wallet and the Madini Marketplace)

Initial Value 0,01 USD (Aprox 1 KSH)
Total supply: 100,000,000 
MDN Decimal positions: 18
Contract : https://explore.vechain.org/accounts/0x1b44a9718e12031530604137f854160759677192
Madini Wallet Link:https://www.madiniafricainvest.com/apk/MadiniWallet.apk
Madini (MDN) is one of the first platforms built exclusively to cater to the needs of Africa enter-prise-level clientele on BlockChain. We seek to improve supply chain in Africa and product lifecycle management through the use of distributed ledger technology (DLT). Importantly, the platform of-fers users a variety of new functionalities that make it ideal for businesses seeking to enhance supply chain protocols and business processes.
VeChain provides Madini Ecosystem the ability to track an enormous amount of data. These indica-tors can include items such as quality, authenticity, traceability, and transportation status. Madini, using VeChain, provides African Mineral enterprises all of these features via a trust-free and distrib-uted business ecosystem. In this way, we reduce overhead and improves accountability.

https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/token-registry
https://explore.vechain.org/accounts/0x1b44a9718e12031530604137f854160759677192/

Madini Minerals Marketplace
============================================================
60% Aug 2021 - Dec 2021 In progress (Minerals Marketplace based on Madini TraceChain and VeChain Thor) 
Marketplace for purchasing/selling tracked/verified metals/minerals and related services from Africa. 

It aim to represents the best for all in the African industry (including miners, refiners, traders, manufacturers, designers, makers, as well as retailers) and our vision is to build transparent minerals supply chains, regulated transactions, and people responsibly lead by example across the sector towards greater ethical sourcing, trust, and sustainability. All players in the marketplace will benefit of MDN % benefits and usability (VET/VTHO)

At Madini, we believe VeChain BlockChain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how Mineral Markets work, and provide trust, transparency, and security to the supply chain. This includes artisans and small-scale miners being part of our inclusive value chain that underpin human health, wellbeing, livelihoods, jobs and sustainable growth.
Madini Marketplace was created to provide a safe and secure marketplace for sellers to market their mineral and royalty interests. With three selling options: buy now, auction, or continuous listing, sellers are able to enter the market on their own terms.

	
Trusted Listing

With a fully automated identificaton of sellers and assets in Bluegate BlockChain, sellers can post assets for sale within minutes, with full guarantee of origin, certificates and licenses, and goverment permits. In just a few simple steps, Sellers can upload assets to their listing. Madini platform will automatically associate the mineral assets to the smart contract on Madini VeChain ToolChain, completely mapping the transaction from the origin to the destination.

Madini Marketplace enables African Minerals trade with FAIR, TRUSTED and TRANSPARENT processes on Bluegate Technology.
Test the Market

Getting the best value can be a matter of timing. By utilizing the continuous listing option, sellers can receive offers without any commitment to sell. Additionally, sellers can safely list their assets with a reserve price for sale through an online auction.
Optimal Exposure

Sellers maximize the value of their assets by becoming instantly connected with a worldwide group of qualified buyers. Sellers also benefits from MDN usage and giveaways from the platform and the trade
Buyers - Madini was created to position buyers with the tools, data and analytics necessary to make intelligent and timely decisions. Buyers are able to access exclusive, regulated, trust deals based on MADINI TRACECHAIN with certified providers never before marketed and work with the seller within the Madini Platform to fully transact the deal and ensure a mutually beneficial arrangement. 
	
Real-Time Data, Alerts & Analytics

Automatic integration of assets into the blockchain, well, and production data allows buyers to conduct rapid analysis without leaving the platform. Buyers can also set real-time alerts and be notified of new listings in their area of interest.
Efficient Buying Options

Buy Now and Make an Offer features allow for a seamless transaction process. Don’t wait for an auction to be over when you can skip the line and secure a deal that fits perfectly into your portfolio.
All in one platform
Madini VeChain technology-focused platform improves the manner in which African minerals are traded by integrating trust, transparency and security.

With our all-encompassing platform you can list, evaluate, and fully transact a deal with never before seen efficiency allowing for reduced acquisition time and better deal exposure. VeChain ToolChain is a key to the technology and facilitates peer-to-peer exchange of information on the Madini ecosystem, which includes Madini Decentralized Marketplace. This ensures high security, speed, reliability and transparency in all the transactions through VeChain Thor, and full supply chain traceability and regulation using VeChain hybrid technology. Madini Marktplace will deliver blockchain solutions that reflect your specific business needs, and provide trust, transparency, and security.



Madini VeChain Thor Wallet
============================================================
Madini Wallet is a light mobile wallet app based on VeChainThor. We have forked VeChain github original code to buid Madini Wallet specific features and completely change the design and usability in Java. We aim to provide users with a powerful, secure, simple, fully functional portal of the Madini VeChainThor blockchain.
Main functions include: MDN, VET, VTHO and other Crypto assets management, Balance, Exchange using Nomics API, Graph, Blockchain Inspector to check your transactions status, wallet observation, reward claim, etc.

https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/MadiniWallet
Wallet download link:  https://www.madiniafricainvest.com/apk/MadiniWallet.apk



Project Details
====================
We expect the teams to already have a solid idea about the project's expected final state. Therefore, we ask the teams to submit (where relevant):

Madini Africa / Madini TraceChain milestones 1&2 components are live and working with real clients and organizations (screenshots and links of tracechain actual products available) 
	
    Mockups/designs of any UI components - TraceChain https://www.madinitracechain.com/#features MadiniWallet https://www.madinitracechain.com/mdn-vechain-vip180/
    
    Madini marketplace mockups, design and functionality: https://www.madiniafricainvest.com/?page_id=2872
    
    API specifications of the core functionality -  https://www.madinitracechain.com/#features MadiniWallet https://www.madinitracechain.com/mdn-vechain-vip180/

Ecosystem Fit

Are there any other projects similar to yours? If so, how is your project different?
	TooldChain is a similar project to Madini TraceChain, but economy of escale of TraceChain with a Traceability cost of 0.40USD, Kiswahili and multilanguage capabilities, time to market, ultrafast setup and activation, fees delegation, makes Madini TraceChain more suitable for African economies

Team
Team members

    Name of team leader - Taphline Akinyi Obiero - CEO and Co-Founder – Bluegate Business Solutions LTD
    Names of team members - 
    
	Taphline Obiero
	CEO and Co-Founder – Bluegate Business Solutions LTD

	Catherine Gachenge
	Board of Advisors Kenya Investment Authorities

	Griphase Masinde
	Board of Advisors – Nairobi University

	Stephen Otieno Agan
	Board of Advisors  – Agon Data Corporation & Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology

	Samwel Gichungu
	Tech Director -Bluegate Business Solutions LTD

	Brenda Cherotich
	CSS php and Design – Bluegate Business Solutions LTD

	Joseph Tilombo
	Java master - Bluegate Business Solutions LTD

	Bret Mwenda
	Web Developer - Php Phyton - Bluegate Business Solutions LTD

	Jorge de Vega
	EU BlockChain Developer - Bluegate Business Solutions LTD

	Ana Perez-Vigo
	EU Consultant Manager

	Fernando Perez-Vigo
	Co-Founder - Founding Partner


Team Website

    https://www.madinitracechain.com/#team

Team's experience

Please describe the team's relevant experience. If the project involves development work, then we'd appreciated it if you can single out a few interesting codes commits made by team members on their past projects.
Team Code Repos 

    https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/Madini-TraceChain
    https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/MadiniWallet
    https://github.com/Bluegate-BS/token-registry

Team LinkedIn Profiles

    https://www.linkedin.com/in/fernandoperezvigo/
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/taphline-obiero-1475a4161/
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/griphase-masinde-48657333/
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/agan-agalo-b04a7124/
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/samwel-gichungu-b86441135/
    Catherine Gachenge http://www.invest.go.ke/

Development Roadmap

This section should break out the development roadmap into a number of milestones. Since the milestones will appear in the grant contract, it helps to describe the functionality we should expect, plus how we can check that such functionality exists in the product. Whenever milestones are delivered, we refer to the contract to ensure that everything has been delivered as expected.

Below we provide an example roadmap. For each milestone:

    Please indicate the milestone duration, workload in terms of full-time equivalent (FTE) and cost.

Milestone 1 
====================
Project StartUp: 100% Jun-Dec 2020 FTE 8 (Prerequisites, Nano tests, Vechain tests, Thor deploy on Strato servers, architecture, design, functionality, Testnet)
Madini Bluegate TestNet: 100% Jul - Dec 2020
MDN VIP180 Vechain MainNet: 100% Jan 2021
Madini Whitepaper: 100% Dec 2020
MDN VET Wallet : 100% Aug - Dec2020

Milestone 2
====================
Madini TraceChain
Madini TraceChain : 100% Jan - Aug 2021 FTE 8 (Prerequisites, Nano tests, Vechain tests, Thor deploy on Strato servers, architecture, design, functionality, VIP191,  Testnet, mainnet) Already implemented and working with real clients in Kenya and Tanzania
https://www.madinitracechain.com/2021/08/24/madini-tracechain-starts-operations-with-ea-agrobusinesses-using-vechain/
https://www.madinitracechain.com/2021/08/17/madini-tracechain-starts-operations-in-tanzania/
https://www.madinitracechain.com/2021/07/27/madini-africa-collaborates-with-haki-madini-in-tanzania/
https://www.madinitracechain.com/2021/06/25/minerals-verified-on-vechain-what-are-tanzanites/
https://www.madinitracechain.com/2021/05/11/pioneering-transparent-value-chains-in-africa-duplicate-1/

Milestone2: Complete and integrate MadiniTraceChain in Tanzania and Kenya government standards. Continue implementation on Agrobusinesses and mining companies and asociations including in the short term (before Dec 2021): 
Tanzania Ministry of Industry and Trade
Tanzania Ministry of minerals
Kenya Investment Authorities
Kenya Ministry of Minerals
BRELA (Tanzania Boureau of Standards) 
** Tanzania Women Miners Association in Dar es Salaam: https://tamwa.org/a/  and Tanzania Miners Association (Merenani) Meetings in progress
This is a key milestone of our project providing support and access to traceability and sustainability technology can greatly improve the african women.  This includes artisans and small-scale miners being part of our inclusive value chain that underpin human health, wellbeing, livelihoods, jobs and sustainable growth.

Tanzania Media Women’s Association (TAMWA) is a non-profit, non-partisan, non-governmental and human rights organization founded and registered on 17th November 1987 under the Societies Ordinance Cap 337 of 1954 with registration number (SO 6763). In 2004, the association complied with the 2002, NGO Act of the United Republic of Tanzania. In 2007, TAMWA was also registered in Zanzibar as TAMWA Zanzibar under Society Act No. 6 of 1995.

Milestone 3
====================
Madini Minerals Marketplace: 60% Aug 2021 - Dec 2021 In progress (Minerals Marketplace based on Madini TraceChain and VeChain Thor) 
Marketplace for purchasing/selling tracked/verified metals/minerals and related services from Africa. 

It aim to represents the best for all in the African industry (including miners, refiners, traders, manufacturers, designers, makers, as well as retailers) and our vision is to build transparent minerals supply chains, regulated transactions, and people responsibly lead by example across the sector towards greater ethical sourcing, trust, and sustainability. All players in the marketplace will benefit of MDN % benefits and usability (VET/VTHO)

At Madini, we believe VeChain BlockChain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how Mineral Markets work, and provide trust, transparency, and security to the supply chain. This includes artisans and small-scale miners being part of our inclusive value chain that underpin human health, wellbeing, livelihoods, jobs and sustainable growth.


    
    Please be sure to include a specification of the software. The level of details must be high enough so that we are able to verify that the software meets the specification.
    Please note that we require documentation (e.g. tutorials, API specifications, architecture details) in each milestone. This ensures that the code can be widely used by the community.
    Please provide a test suite, comprising unit and integration tests, along with a guide on how to run these.
    Please commit to providing dockerfiles for the delivery of your project.

Example Roadmap for a dApp Application

Cost (up to $ 30,000)  - Milestones 1 & 2 -	$ 225,000     Milestone 3 (Marketplace and implementation)	$ 80,000 	

...
Community engagement

As part of the Program, we require that you produce and publish at least one article/tutorial (e.g., on Medium). It should explain your work done as part of the grant.
OK
.

Future Plans

Please include the team's long-term plans and intentions.

	a force for the good

	Many projects leverage blockchain to increase supply chain transparency and detect operational inefficiencies as well as new business opportunities. However, few of them are as impact driven as TraceChain. In addition to private corporations, Bluegate works with governmental organisations and NGOs to have a positive social impact and empower underserved producers.

	At Bluegate, we believe VeChain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how African Markets work, and provide trust, transparency, and security to the supply chain. This includes artisans and small-scale farmers being part of our inclusive value chain that underpin human health, wellbeing, livelihoods, jobs and sustainable growth.
	
	
	fast and safe trade

	As a pioneer in transparent trade value chains, Madini TraceChain aims to empower African producers by establishing a direct market linkage facilitation to incentivize regeneration, from soil to economy to society at large with a powerful transparency application.

	Powered by Bluegate, the TraceChain application collects and uploads authentic product information onto the VeChainThor Blockchain, This enables a traceable, visible, and transparent digital marketplace for the African market, which allows for producers, processors, packers, distributors, brands and other added-value stakeholders to publicly list Organization and Product profiles to access global markets.

	VeChain powered

	At Madini, we believe VeChain Thor Blockchain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how businesses and economies work, even how societies are organised. Blockchain goes to the core of the role of trust in African Products – an area that is central to Madini purpose. This shapes the way we think through the challenges Africa faces – bringing together business acumen, user experience design, and existing and emerging technology. 

Additional Information 

https://www.madinitracechain.com/
https://bluegatebs.com
https://www.madiniafricainvest.com/

Any additional information that you think is relevant to this application that hasn't already been included.

Possible additional information to include:

    What work has been done so far? Milestones 1&2 
    Are there any teams who have already contributed (financially) to the project? Yes, stakeholders have completed Milestone 1 & 2 with personal investments and without external resources from banks, NGOs or institutions
    Have you applied for other grants so far? No
